all right how you guys doing welcome
back for another unique mechanics
YouTube review today I have a really
special watch I was actually inspired by
a customer to do a review on this today
we are reviewing the rotary aqua speed
this is a kit that actually comes with
the watch with a tool that can adjust
your straps because it's actually a
double strap watch it comes with a
leather strap I'm sorry a rubber strap
and I'm going to show you a close-up of
that in just a second also it comes with
a mesh bracelet which looks amazing I
actually felt it and it feels like the
almost like the what they use when
diving with the sharks that type of
shark type of Kevlar a material that's
almost on pier scible so let me put this
down real quick and give you a little
more of a detail an overview of this
watch and then we'll get to the up-close
details of everything so this is the
rotary watch and this watch let's take a
look here comes with a mesh stainless
steel bracelet with a fold-over clasp
this is a 30 min 30 meter under water
pressure watch it has a black dial it
has a black bezel that's beauty director
oh my god so smooth one of the most
amazing and precise bezels I've touched
in quite a while extremely smooth and
who doesn't like a smooth dial yeah I
don't like it when it's clicking really
really heavy and hard that just tells me
that they almost like the you know the
spring behind there's grinding metal the
metal now this is a 44 millimeter
diameter watch from side to side and the
thickness is actually 15 millimeter let
me see if I can give you guys a nice
close look there
there you go ooh the the case back is
really nice too for a second it looked
like the bright Ling symbol but that's
actually really cool I'll show you guys
a close-up of that too I have a seven
and a half inch wrist let me show you
what this watch looks like on my wrist
feels great I see how they have set up
the links here and I'll show you a setup
close-up of that also so take a look at
that seven and a half inch wrist on a 44
millimeter watch on a seven a half inch
wrist I love it you can actually wear
this with a tuxedo or if you're going to
the beach this is a great watch for any
occasion the way that I'm looking at it
now I'm not going to be switching the
straps for you because that will be a
lot of video time and but I will show
you details of this uh of the rubber
strap that comes additional with this
alright so let me just show you guys an
up-close details of the rotary aqua
speed so I wanted to just give you a
quick up close detail of the Box I mean
it's a beautiful leather leather box
with orange stitching as you can see the
inside is nice and padded to says rotary
aqua speed right there right in the
middle the presentation is incredible
this is a gift for anybody as you can
see right there we have we have the
watch I'm going to move the Box in just
a second I wanted to give you an
up-close look of the entire package so
it comes to watch the tool and the
rubber strap
so let's go ahead and go a little more
in detail all right folks our welcome
back and now we're doing another up
close here of the rotary aqua speed as I
mentioned to you before 44 millimeter
case diameter from end to end also 15
millimeter thickness on this watch
perfect thickness for me I have a seven
and a half inch wrist this is the mesh
material that I was talking about it's a
you could see this on the guys that dive
underwater with the sharks wearing this
and that's why this makes it a cool and
perfect diver watch anybody if your
father a boyfriend's a diver this is
definitely the way to go
fold-down class has a beautiful display
of the rotary aqua speed brand material
right there logo and everything right
there at the clasp and this is the hub
what I thought looked like the Breitling
case back for one second but it's really
cool I mean it's a got the wings looks
like a kind of just a flying rotary very
cool very nice design overall let's take
a look at the dial little closer now let
me let me just make you have you I'll
listen to that to the bezel rotate
look at that epic that is one nice
sounding bezel so that's that also this
is the rotary aqua speed rubber strap
that comes with the watch really nice
just another additional strap you can't
go wrong with additional strap and
here's the tool that will actually let
you adjust your straps double-sided tool
real nice real good quality awesome
alright so you saw the reviews on
up-close images of the watch of the tool
of the extra strap I just wanted to give
you another overview of the Box on the
top actually really cool as you know
black with the orange stitching it says
voter II aqua speed right at the top
here inside beautiful display you got
your strap slot got your tool slot and
of course this is where the watch goes
you have your detailed information about
warranty and additional information
about the brand what a kit incredible
closes like that boom nice little
suitcase
great present for anybody and you'll
find the link directly for this purchase
right down below also right up here make
sure you click the um to subscribe for
our latest videos we come out with a
video almost every two days to three
days we have so many videos to to
showcase that it's you know taking a
little bit of time to cut them and
develop them and upload them of course
but again if you made it this far thank
you again for watching the unique
mechanics YouTube channel we hope to see
you next time
thanks again